ARROW-13402: [R] Update flight.Rmd vignette (#10943)
apache/arrow: r/vignettes/flight.Rmd

## 3 virginica        6.9
```

Because `flight_get()` returns an Arrow data structure, you can directly pipe
its result into a [dplyr](https://dplyr.tidyverse.org/) workflow.

> See [the dataset vignette](./dataset.html) for more information on working with Arrow objects via a dplyr interface.

Reviewer: pkgdown will linkify this correctly and it should work around any quirks in how CRAN makes URLs

```suggestion
See `vignette("dataset", package = "arrow")` for more information on working with Arrow objects via a dplyr interface.
```

Author: Thanks!
